Copy editing: coordinates (#8514)
astropy/astropy: docs/coordinates/velocities.rst

.. _astropy-coordinates-velocities:

Working with Velocities in Astropy Coordinates
**********************************************

Using Velocities with ``SkyCoord``
==================================

> One recommended way of getting a coordinate object with velocities is to use the

Reviewer: As above in the generic `SkyCoord` discussion, the connotation intend here is more like "really the way you ought to start with if you aren't sure you need something else" rather than "one among many possible ways".  So what about:

```suggestion
The best way to start getting a coordinate object with velocities is to use the
```
In parallel with my suggestion above?

    plt.plot_date(time.plot_date, gcrs.radial_velocity.to(u.km/u.s))
    plt.ylabel('RV [km/s]')

> But this result is clearly nonsense, with values from -1000 to 1000 km/s. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But this result is nonsense, with values from -1000 to 1000 km/s instead of the ~10 km/s we expected. The
```
I think I wrote this originally but on reflection I'm trying to eliminate "clearly" from my vocabulary...

I can also do this as a separate simple commit since it will muck up the line-lengths.

Author: I'll make the change! I have a few other separate commits for this package.
